README.md, before:

# KettlebellCounter
Open Source instruction and code, which allow any tech savvy kettlebell athlete to build their own counter

This project was my very first large scale project were I got to integrate all my skills obtained at DTU - Technical University of Denmark.
The Kettlebell Counter project was a Start Up under DTU - Skylab and more than 100 counters have been sold.
Obvious, looking back, the projects have its flaws and some solutions are not as refined or clever as I would like to believe I could come up with now.
However, the counters work and some have been used daily since 2019,
I developed the counters for the 2019 IKMF European championship while I was finishing my M.Sc.EE at DTU
The counter is not just an up/down counter it has lots features like ladders, intervals and a dedicated pentathlon function, and it can be remote controlled by a radio link.
My idea was that the counter could be used by the athlete for training as well as for competition, and everyone could bring their counters and they would all work together via remote control.
I’ve produced and sold the aforementioned 100+ counters in the frame of my start up Vulture Wood Electric, before getting an awesome job, which came with a non-compete clause. 
I close the start up, and now when 2 years have passed and no legal claims or injunctions have been filed, I can now freely share my project.
This project is share under the GitHub license, which like the Creative commons license, allows for free non-commercial use.
The intent is for kettlebell enthusiast to be able to build their own counter which can be used both for the individual training and for competitions.
Have fun and keep lifting
Best regards
Erik Hofman-Bang
Denmark, December 2022.

Commit message:

STL files added
The process of making of 3D printed frame has been completed, and the STL files are now available in "Frame_and_mounting_instructions" which include a tool and component list.

Remember to read "Readme_3D_print.txt

README.md, after:

# KettlebellCounter
Open Source instruction and code, which allow any tech savvy kettlebell athlete to build their own counter

This project was my very first large scale project were I got to integrate all my skills obtained at DTU - Technical University of Denmark.
The Kettlebell Counter project was a Start Up under DTU - Skylab and more than 100 counters have been sold.
Obvious, looking back, the projects have its flaws and some solutions are not as refined or clever as I would like to believe I could come up with now.
However, the counters work and some have been used daily since 2019,
I developed the counters for the 2019 IKMF European championship while I was finishing my M.Sc.EE at DTU
The counter is not just an up/down counter it has lots features like ladders, intervals and a dedicated pentathlon function, and it can be remote controlled by a radio link.
My idea was that the counter could be used by the athlete for training as well as for competition, and everyone could bring their counters and they would all work together via remote control.
I’ve produced and sold the aforementioned 100+ counters in the frame of my start-up Company "Vulture Wood Electric", before getting an awesome job building radars, which came with a non-compete clause. 
I therefore close the start-up, and after a 2 years grace periode where no legal claims or injunctions have been filed, I can now freely share my project.
This project is share under the GitHub license, which like the Creative commons license, allows for free non-commercial use.
The intent is for kettlebell enthusiast to be able to build their own counter which can be used both for the individual training and for competitions.
Have fun and keep lifting
Best regards
Erik Hofman-Bang
Denmark, December 2022. 

- Video instructions for PCB mounting with soldering instructions: https://youtu.be/9TzXEnOfvD8

- Video instructions for modifying the 3D printed frame and assembly: "coming soon"
